   AWSDocumentationAmazon TextractDeveloper Guide
   ContentsSee Also

BoundingBox

   The bounding box around the detected page, text, key-value pair, table,
   table cell, or selection element on a document page. The left
   (x-coordinate) and top (y-coordinate) are coordinates that represent
   the top and left sides of the bounding box. Note that the upper-left
   corner of the image is the origin (0,0).

   The top and left values returned are ratios of the overall document
   page size. For example, if the input image is 700 x 200 pixels, and the
   top-left coordinate of the bounding box is 350 x 50 pixels, the API
   returns a left value of 0.5 (350/700) and a top value of 0.25 (50/200).

   The width and height values represent the dimensions of the bounding
   box as a ratio of the overall document page dimension. For example, if
   the document page size is 700 x 200 pixels, and the bounding box width
   is 70 pixels, the width returned is 0.1.

Contents

   Height
          The height of the bounding box as a ratio of the overall
          document page height.

          Type: Float

          Required: No

   Left
          The left coordinate of the bounding box as a ratio of overall
          document page width.

          Type: Float

          Required: No

   Top
          The top coordinate of the bounding box as a ratio of overall
          document page height.

          Type: Float

          Required: No

   Width
          The width of the bounding box as a ratio of the overall document
          page width.

          Type: Float

          Required: No

See Also

   For more information about using this API in one of the
   language-specific AWS SDKs, see the following:
     * AWS SDK for C++
     * AWS SDK for Java V2
     * AWS SDK for Ruby V3

   Warning Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.

   To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be
   enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
   Document Conventions
   Block
   DetectedSignature
   Did this page help you? - Yes

   Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!

   If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do
   more of it.

   Did this page help you? - No

   Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you
   down.

   If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the
   documentation better.
