   AWSDocumentationAmazon TextractDeveloper Guide
   ContentsSee Also

OutputConfig

   Sets whether or not your output will go to a user created bucket. Used
   to set the name of the bucket, and the prefix on the output file.

   OutputConfig is an optional parameter which lets you adjust where your
   output will be placed. By default, Amazon Textract will store the
   results internally and can only be accessed by the Get API operations.
   With OutputConfig enabled, you can set the name of the bucket the
   output will be sent to the file prefix of the results where you can
   download your results. Additionally, you can set the KMSKeyID parameter
   to a customer master key (CMK) to encrypt your output. Without this
   parameter set Amazon Textract will encrypt server-side using the AWS
   managed CMK for Amazon S3.

   Decryption of Customer Content is necessary for processing of the
   documents by Amazon Textract. If your account is opted out under an AI
   services opt out policy then all unencrypted Customer Content is
   immediately and permanently deleted after the Customer Content has been
   processed by the service. No copy of of the output is retained by
   Amazon Textract. For information about how to opt out, see Managing AI
   services opt-out policy.

   For more information on data privacy, see the Data Privacy FAQ.

Contents

   S3Bucket
          The name of the bucket your output will go to.

          Type: String

          Length Constraints: Minimum length of 3. Maximum length of 255.

          Pattern: [0-9A-Za-z\.\-_]*

          Required: Yes

   S3Prefix
          The prefix of the object key that the output will be saved to.
          When not enabled, the prefix will be “textract_output".

          Type: String

          Length Constraints: Minimum length of 1. Maximum length of 1024.

          Pattern: .*\S.*

          Required: No

See Also

   For more information about using this API in one of the
   language-specific AWS SDKs, see the following:
     * AWS SDK for C++
     * AWS SDK for Java V2
     * AWS SDK for Ruby V3

   Warning Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.

   To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be
   enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
   Document Conventions
   NotificationChannel
   PageClassification
   Did this page help you? - Yes

   Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!

   If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do
   more of it.

   Did this page help you? - No

   Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you
   down.

   If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the
   documentation better.
