   AWSDocumentationAmazon TextractDeveloper Guide

Queries

   When provided a query, Amazon Textract provides a specialized response
   object. This object repeats the question back to the user along with
   the alias for the question. It then provides the confidence Amazon
   Textract has with the answer, a location of the answer on the page, and
   the text answer to the question. If no answer is found, this response
   element is kept blank.

   Detected queries are returned as Block objects in the responses from
   AnalyzeDocument and GetDocumentAnalysis. You can use the FeatureTypes
   input parameter to retrieve information about key-value pairs, tables,
   or Queries. For general information about how a document is represented
   by Block objects, see Text Detection and Document Analysis Response
   Objects.

   The following shows a diagram of how a query response is represented in
   Block objects.
   Diagram showing a query and two responses flowing from a page, with one
   response redirecting to an answer.

   Following is an example for a query response as part of a full response
   of document analysis.

   { "BlockType": "QUERY", "Id": "77cfbd28-168a-40fc-9c8a-863ba3066bd2",
   "Relationships": [ { "Type": "ANSWER", "Ids": [
   "21396475-27ee-4da7-965b-f7631ef60fcc" ] } ], "Query": { "Text": "What
   is the patient first name?", "Alias": "PATIENT_FIRST_NAME" } }, {
   "BlockType": "QUERY_RESULT", "Confidence": 1.0, "Text": "ALEJANDRO",
   "Id": "21396475-27ee-4da7-965b-f7631ef60fcc" }

   We have compiled a list of example queries for common documents in the
   Example Queries document.

   Warning Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.

   To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be
   enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
   Document Conventions
   Selection Elements
   Layout Response Objects
   Did this page help you? - Yes

   Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!

   If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do
   more of it.

   Did this page help you? - No

   Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you
   down.

   If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the
   documentation better.
